# Paints

<table><thead><tr><th width="240">Question</th><th>Answer</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Do you have a list of URL codes for colors?</td><td><p>If you have a data set provider, the best solution would be to use their "<em>paintID</em>" and "<em>paintDescription</em>" coming from that data provider. If you don't, then the list of already known paints in the system can be found via our API functionality which allows you to see which "<em>paintId</em>"s are already mapped to a date manufacturer. An example of such a request would be: <code>https://cdn.imagin.studio/getPaints?&#x26;customer=[yourcustomerkey]&#x26;make=audi</code><br>Our advise would be to always use a data provider which can assure you have a comprehensive list of vehicles' paints and data.</p><p>More information regarding this can be found inside our documentation: <a href="../api-integration/manuals/paint-data-and-api-behavior.md">https://docs.imagin.studio/paintAPIs</a></p></td></tr><tr><td>What happens if I solicit a paint that was never requested before?</td><td>As soon as you submit an API call that includes an unknown "<em>paintId</em>" and/or "<em>paintDescription</em>" values, our self-learning functionality will cross examine the aforementioned data sets to find the best match based on our previous paint associations. The Quality Assurance Team will then make sure that this indeed matches our standards. This process usually takes a few days but it could be a quicker or slower procedure depending on a host of factors (i.e. how many paints are in the queue, how challenging the investigation process might get and how often this date paint is being requested, to name a few).</td></tr><tr><td>Do you have a list of generic paints?</td><td><p>Yes, we do! They're all yours to use under the <em>paintID</em> datapoint: </p><p>Imagin-black</p><p>Imagin-grey </p><p>Imagin-white </p><p>Imagin-blue </p><p>Imagin-yellow </p><p>Imagin-red </p><p>Imagin-orange </p><p>Imagin-green</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

