# CDN Data Points

{% hint style="info" %}
Let us handle the mapping. **Providing your data streamlines the process, ensuring seamless mapping, prioritized image selection, and an ever-evolving service.** Your data fuels the CDN!
{% endhint %}

To retrieve an image, use our `getImage` API by constructing a URL with query string parameters. To ensure the best image delivery, it is important to understand the two distinct types of data logic our CDN utilizes to process these parameters:

* **System-Defined (Fixed) Values:** These control API behavior, camera settings, or boolean logic. They require specific keywords or formats (like `true`/`false` or `fullscreen`) to trigger specific behaviors.
* **Customer-Defined (Dynamic) Values:** For vehicle specifications, we are _data agnostic._ You provide the data as it exists in your system, and our AI-driven CDN automatically maps it to our internal library. While no formalized format is required, providing consistent and clean data ensures the most accurate mapping.

{% hint style="info" %}
Data points in **bold** are required.
{% endhint %}

#### DATA POINTS

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th></th><th width="263.8984375"></th><th></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Parameter</strong></td><td><strong>Description</strong></td><td><strong>Input Type</strong> </td><td><strong>Sample Value</strong></td></tr><tr><td><strong>customer</strong></td><td>Your customer key, as given to you by IMAGIN.studio. This key defines tailoring and billing structures.</td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> String</td><td><code>my-company-id</code></td></tr><tr><td>tailoring</td><td>Your tailoring key. Tailoring controls the logo shown on the license plate.</td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> String</td><td><code>standard-tailoring</code></td></tr><tr><td><strong>make</strong></td><td>The make/brand of the car you are requesting.</td><td><strong>Dynamic:</strong> Customer-defined. ML-mapped.</td><td><code>audi</code></td></tr><tr><td><strong>modelFamily</strong></td><td>The model of the car you are requesting.</td><td><strong>Dynamic:</strong> Customer-defined. ML-mapped.</td><td><code>a3</code></td></tr><tr><td>modelRange</td><td>Key to differentiate special model lines such as Audi S, BMW M, Mercedes AMG, etc.</td><td><strong>Dynamic:</strong> Customer-defined. ML-mapped.</td><td><code>rs3</code></td></tr><tr><td>modelVariant</td><td><p>The type of the body of the car you are requesting.<br><br>Example:</p><ul><li>hatchback</li><li>sedan</li><li>estate</li><li>mpv</li><li>suv</li><li>convertible</li><li>coupe</li><li>targa</li><li>pickup</li><li>closed-cabin</li><li>double-cabin</li><li>passenger-cabin</li></ul></td><td><strong>Dynamic:</strong> Customer-defined. ML-mapped.</td><td><code>hatchback</code></td></tr><tr><td>powerTrain</td><td><p>Specifies the drive type of the car.<br><br>Example:</p><ul><li>petrol</li><li>hybrid</li><li>electric</li><li>hydrogen</li><li>phev</li></ul></td><td><strong>Dynamic:</strong> Customer-defined. ML-mapped.</td><td><code>phev</code></td></tr><tr><td>bodySize</td><td>Specifies the car's body size. For passenger vehicles you specify the number of doors. For commercial vehicles this attribute is used to specify the height and length of the vehicle (L1H2).</td><td><strong>Dynamic:</strong> Number or String.</td><td><code>5</code></td></tr><tr><td>modelYear</td><td>The year of introduction of the model or facelift. Trims are classified by the introduction year of the first trim launched, not the trim itself. The CDN will look for a car that is equal or older than the year requested.</td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> YYYY format.</td><td><code>2024</code></td></tr><tr><td>trim*</td><td>Only the name of the trim / edition you are requesting. Stripped from any engine, powertrain or other data. Trim requests that include other data than trim name might be misunderstood.</td><td><strong>Dynamic:</strong> Customer-defined.</td><td><code>business-edition</code></td></tr><tr><td>paintId</td><td>Only the product id / product code of the paint option you wish to receive. PaintId's containing paint descriptions, rgb values or any information other than the product option code might be misunderstood.</td><td><strong>Dynamic:</strong> String (Codes only).</td><td><code>2t</code></td></tr><tr><td>paintDescription</td><td>The description of the paint you have requested with the paint id. The paint's description provides essential information as, if the paintId can not be resolved, this property is used to aid the research to the requested paintId. When omitted no research can be done to research an unresolvable paint id. The "paintDescription" should not be used on its own and should always be associated with a "paintID".</td><td><strong>Dynamic:</strong> String.</td><td><code>brilliant-black-metallic</code></td></tr><tr><td>randomPaint</td><td>By adding the &#x26;randomPaint=true datapoint to the URL, a random paint (color) will be assigned to the requested vehicle.</td><td><strong>Boolean:</strong> <code>true</code> or <code>false</code>.</td><td><code>true</code></td></tr><tr><td>rimId</td><td>Not yet available. The product id / product code of the rim option you wish to receive. rimId's containing product descriptions, sizing values or any information other than the product option code might be misunderstood.</td><td><strong>Dynamic:</strong> String (Codes only).</td><td><code>cg0</code></td></tr><tr><td>rimDescription</td><td>Not yet available. The product description of the rim you have requested with the rimId. If when the description is omitted the request will be ignored.</td><td><strong>Dynamic:</strong> String.</td><td><code>wheels-17-inch-cast-aluminum</code></td></tr><tr><td><a href="https://docs.imagin.studio/guides/getting-images/ii.-image-customization-and-styling/selecting-angles">angle</a></td><td>Specifies the viewpoint of the camera.</td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> Numerical ID.</td><td><code>21</code></td></tr><tr><td>zoomType*</td><td><p></p><ul><li><em>Fullscreen</em> <strong>:</strong> The viewer maximizes the car's size to fill the display area.</li><li><em>Relative</em> <strong>:</strong> (Default on <a href="https://docs.imagin.studio/guides/getting-images/ii.-image-customization-and-styling/selecting-angles">standard angles</a>) Sizes are consistent across different car models.</li><li><em>Adaptive</em> <strong>:</strong> (Default on <a href="https://docs.imagin.studio/api-integration/manuals/360-example">360 spinner</a>) Maximizes display size while maintaining proportional accuracy across all angles.</li></ul></td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> <code>fullscreen</code>, <code>relative</code>, or <code>adaptive</code>.</td><td><code>fullscreen</code></td></tr><tr><td>zoomLevel</td><td>The zoomLevel setting, which controls a vehicle's magnification, is not applicable when zoomType is set to either fullscreen or adaptive . This is because both modes automatically manage the vehicle's size, overriding any manual adjustments.</td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> Integer (0-30).</td><td><code>15</code></td></tr><tr><td>groundPlaneAdjustment*</td><td>Decimal point percentage to change the position where the car wheels touch the ground. An automated offset may be applied to your settings.</td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> Decimal (-1 to 1).</td><td><code>-0.07</code></td></tr><tr><td>fileType</td><td>The type of image you wish to receive. PNG's and WEBP are transparent. All file types are web optimized.</td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> webp*, jpeg, or png*.</td><td><code>webp</code></td></tr><tr><td>safeMode*</td><td>Enables or disables safemode. Safemode protects the object in the image from being cut-off when being manipulated through zoomType, zoomLevel or groundPlaneAdjustment.</td><td><strong>Boolean:</strong> <code>true</code> or <code>false</code>.</td><td><code>true</code></td></tr><tr><td>width</td><td><p>The width of the image you wish to receive. Any requested width is resolved back to the first larger standard CDN size. For example 745 returns 800. All sizes are web optimized except for 3456, which offers with highest quality possible disregarding file size.<br><br>Example: </p><ul><li>150</li><li>400</li><li>800</li><li>1200*</li><li>1600*</li><li>2600*</li><li>3456*</li></ul></td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> Integer (Pixels).<br></td><td><code>800</code></td></tr><tr><td>margins*</td><td>Range in % of width and height of margins around the usable area of the image. Defaults to 0.02 (2%)</td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> Decimal (0 to 0.4).</td><td><code>0.03</code></td></tr><tr><td>countryCode</td><td>Allows to specify a country code. May be used for personalized (country based) license plates or for selecting a country-specific trim.</td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2">ISO Country Code.</a></td><td><code>NL</code></td></tr><tr><td>billingTag</td><td>identifier for the business unit to whom the cost of this request need to be cross billed.</td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> String.</td><td><code>showroom</code></td></tr><tr><td>steering</td><td>Not yet available. Left or Right hand driven car.</td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> <code>lhd</code> or <code>rhd</code>.</td><td><code>lhd</code></td></tr><tr><td>transmission</td><td>Not yet available. Type of transmission installed in the vehicle. Automatic or manual.</td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> <code>automatic</code> or <code>manual</code>.</td><td><code>automatic</code></td></tr><tr><td>position*</td><td>Defines the vertical position of the car. "horizon" places the vehicle on the artificial horizon. It can then be manually fine tuned with "groundPlaneAdjustment". Can not be applied to 360 and/or lifestyle images.</td><td><strong>Fixed:</strong> <code>horizon</code>, <code>center</code>, or <code>bottom</code>.</td><td><code>bottom</code></td></tr><tr><td>hideshadow</td><td>Determines whether an image should be rendered with a ground shadow. Defaults as false.</td><td><strong>Boolean:</strong> <code>true</code> or <code>false</code>.</td><td><code>true</code></td></tr></tbody></table>



\*only available for Premium and Enterprise plans

***

#### DATA STANDARDS

Our CDN is designed for maximum flexibility and seamlessly integrates with data from any data provider or car manufacturer. Regardless of your existing data sources or preferred partners, our system can readily adapt and process your information. This eliminates the need for complex data migrations or custom integrations, saving you time and resources.
